OBSDOCS-1229: Correct the name of the mentioned exporter (#80452)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/otel/otel-collector/otel-collector-exporters.adoc

    exporters:
      debug:
        verbosity: detailed # <1>
        sampling_initial: 5 # <2>
        sampling_thereafter: 200 # <3>
	use_internal_logger: true # <4>
    service:
      pipelines:
        traces:
          exporters: [debug]
        metrics:
          exporters: [debug]
# ...
----
<1> Verbosity of the debug export: `detailed` or `normal` or `basic`. When set to `detailed`, pipeline data is verbosely logged. Defaults to `normal`.

> <2> "number of messages initially logged each second" The default value is `2` seconds.

Reviewer: ```adoc
<2> The number of messages initially logged each second. The default value is `2`.
```

Is the default value two seconds or two messages?

Reviewer 2: The parameter sets the number of messages logged not the value for the time period. 
sampling_initial (default = 2): number of messages initially logged each second.

Author: Thank you both.

> <3> "sampling rate after the initial messages are logged (every Mth message is logged)"

Reviewer: ```adoc
<3> The sampling rate after logging the initial messages. Logs each Nth message.
```

What's the default value?

Reviewer 2: sampling_thereafter (default = 1): sampling rate after the initial messages are logged (every Mth message is logged). The default value of 1 means that sampling is disabled. To enable sampling, change sampling_thereafter to a value higher than 1. Refer to [Zap docs](https://godoc.org/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore#NewSampler) for more details on how sampling parameters impact number of messages.

Author: Added. Thank you both.

> <4> "uses the collector's internal logger for output" The default value is `true`. "the exporter uses the collector's internal logger for output"

Reviewer: ```adoc
<4> If `true`, the exporter uses the internal logger of the collector for output. The default value is `true`.
```

> <3> Sampling rate after the initial number of messages has been logged. Disabled by default with the default `1` value. Sampling is enabled with values greater than `1`. For more information, see the page for the link:https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore?utm_source=godoc#NewSampler[`zapcore`] package on the Go Project's website.

Reviewer 3: > the initial number of messages
How do I know what this value is?

Reviewer 3: Maybe specify the function that you are using so the use knows s/he is in the right place on the page?
```suggestion
<3> Sampling rate after the initial number of messages has been logged. Disabled by default with the default `1` value. Sampling is enabled with values greater than `1`. For more information, see the link:https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore?utm_source=godoc#NewSampler[`func NewSampler` ] in the zapcore package on the Go Project's website.
```

Author: > How do I know what this value is?
Good question. It's actually the value in the previous callout. I've added it as an appositive to make sure every reader understands. Thank you for raising this point.
